Our project is employing management systems.
So we are going to create one platform with platform, we are going to create a full employment management
system.
So I'm going to create one simple platform for that.
You can enhance it more, but sometimes instead I'm going to go with some simple management, so simple
with database, Java, Spring Framework and how we can implement all Java object oriented programming
here in this.
So our framework is Java Spring, which is basically my main framework, and we are going to see how
we can incorporate database with Java speed.
So while proceeding further, I'm not going to use any servlet concept.
I'm going to use your pure Mavin concepts here so we will learn that later.
So our project Aim.
It's employment.
So let us see how we can create our project first.
So.
And this is my idea.
So I'm going to use this.
First, I will tell you what, how we can set up our project first.
So let me change this to lighting.
So it could be more readable.
So you can change your color teams.
Also, according to your performance, I'm going with lighting and go to projects.
Once you go to projects, you can see this project and you can create a new project.
Because I haven't created anything till now.
Likewise, I already created, but I deleted in recent.
You can check your recent projects also here, or you can branch GitHub for GitHub.
You can open it or click no new project here.
So wait for some time.
It will create a new project for you.
So I will tell you what we are going to do here.
So wait for some time.
Once you are done with this, you will see this dialog box will be open and go to here.
Java Spring Initialize.
I am using
Java or Intel for the religion.
Like that's educational purpose.
But if you are not using this, go to this website server you are in.
You can see start out sprinkled in the web, in your web.
I will tell you how we can proceed with that also and give the name for project.
So.
Let me give the name for project.
Well, I'm giving the name of my MP.
So this.
So.
MP So it's Java then Marvin.
Then if you want to change, I'm going to change your my package.
Like group basic group is MP.
So package name is as it is.
Artifact does your Java 16 and Java version not only jar capacities, it's next.
So it will create your next choose to one stable version currently spring stable spring 2.5.3 so we
can then i need spring dose devtools then go to scale.
I'm going to use your my skills so I'm adding my spin driver.
It's choosing any other use that and spring data GPA or if you want to add some vapor so you can act.
But I'm not adding because I will create that later.
So my suggestion is currently don't add anything, just add dependencies, putting good tools, my skilled
driver and spring data if you click finish here.
So it will take time and it will create a new project of spring for you.
So while it's creating, let us see.
How we can perform or how we can implement other things here.
So in licensing, project AIM is to develop a web application for employee management system.
Steps of development is project setup that we are currently project services just like this one.
Understanding different tools what we are going to use here.
Then some java basic concepts or what is the oops thing, how java is going to work here and everything.
Then.
There are different also stages java hibernate for database.
My skill is how going to work some java web interface, so I'm going to incorporate that in the database.
Everything I'm going to teach you.
So that's our employee system.
Then application requirements that will do.
You should have some Java basic knowledge.
Java Spring.
Java Web Development Tools.
I'm going to use your JDK 16 Inside Intel Spring Initialize.
You can use my school database if you are not familiar with Intel idea, you can choose any other platform
for that purpose.
There is Spring ID also available for the spring development, so I will show you how the spring initialized.
If you don't have that intel idea, I will tell you how you can.
Go with this feature.
So go to your any browser search for this star dot spring dot.
This is very helpful to create any project.
Then same.
Go to my main, then java.
Don't choose snapshots version because these are not stable.
Virgin then hit 2.51 to use the package name.
Then if you're 16 virgin, you can choose your dependencies from here.
That's so you can add spring routes.
Then add.
As I told you, for this purpose we need you can add theme live also.
So I forgot to add.
I will add it later.
That theme loop and everything.
Or then.
I need you also so you can choose any other thing here.
My school drivers and everything.
Once you are done with dependencies, as I told you, hit, generate here, generate.
It will give you the file or sorry, zip file or file.
You can extract it and open it with your ID so that you can do with this.
And this is our application requirement.
So for thing I will tell you how we can go with the basic knowledge.
Java basic is very easy thing you can do actually because Java I'm telling you, Java consider between
three basics.
One is JVM guide and GTK.
JVM is basically Java virtual machine is Java runtime environment and it's just a Java development.
So this is basically Java JDK structure.
So these are not very important.
But important thing is our spring initialization is working on JVM.
So I'm going to tell you how we are going to deploy it on the server and everything later.
But this is very important.
You should learn some JDK and also then Java methods and classes.
It's very useful for any thing.
Object oriented, everything is.
Java is associated with classes along with attributes and methods.
So consider a real life example.
God is an hour object and some attribute sets weight and color, but it has some default things also
like weight and meters, also like drive and break.
So you can consider classes, an object constructor or blueprint for the creating objects.
So object is basically used to class or execute particular class basically.
So object is for the calling purpose of classes in Java.
So methods are declared in the classes.
It contains code for particular functions like as I told you for driving of car.
You need a code for driving a car.
Not really.
You are creating a simulation.
You need to create a code for driving a car.
So for that purpose you need a code.
So that code is considering one function and function refer to the methods in Java.
So methods contains written values access specify are some default attributes also sometimes.
So these are the things as object of classes are created to access methods.
So you can use object to access method.
So it's.
That particular object for accessing the metals also.
So this is it about the all the intro.
I will tell you how we are going to set up the thing and everything in later part.
But let us check our set.
So let me show you.
So it's currently reformatting and doing everything in code so you can see already some additional things
are added.
Let me add one more thing here, which is basically team live dependency.
So I will tell you how we can add dependency.
It's very, very easy thing in Java MAVEN project because we are having one.
Which is basically bombed out India, which is very easy thing once you know about that part also.
You will understood that this very easy thing.
So let me add one dependency, which is basically timely.
So this is my getting started page.
Just close this.
It is.
Help me find you can see everything are already added here to compound XML, which is basically properties
of our thing.
So you can check here.
Some dependencies are already added.
My skill and everything.
So.
It's taking time to indexing and doing that stuff.
So wait for some time when it's finished.
As you can see, it's currently doing that work.
So let me tell you.
What is this, a Java framework?
First, because we already created a spring project and everything.
But what is the Java Spring framework?
So Java Spring is nothing but you can.
They like the light framework screen, which is used to mostly create web platforms.
So it contains some already established frameworks like e.g. JSP, Hibernate, everything.
So you can say like that, it's a framework of frameworks.
So all frameworks are added in spring and now you can use the spring framework.
So that's the framework in border.
Since you can like that, it is a structure to find a solution of different kind of technical problems.
So when you are developing solid, you will understood.
We are currently writing too many lines of code to face the data and everything, so in this we are
not going to use that techniques.
So I will tell you how we are going to use that.
It's basically contents of several modules like JSP, JPA, MVC, which is basically web mapping and
everything already.
So now let me move to the ID part.
So this is my property dot XML.
As you can see here.
So.
Let me minimize this.
So you can see here some dependencies are already added.
But let me add my team, live dependency team is nothing but I just adding this dependency and it will
indexing that part.
It will directly download that dependency.
For me, team live is nothing but for the frontend part.
Like if you are using some a new syntax in HTML it will default.
Delete that part and it will work for you.
But regardless of that team, life is very beautiful thing because it's HTML more pretty file.
You can see our analyzer team live basically.
So it will it will allow you to add some direct bootstrap things in spring.
So it's good to add to dependency.
I forgot you can directly add from.
That part also.
So it will analyze dependency for me so you can see your my venting and it's give me one warning, which
is.
You're only.
So you can check your warning.
And it's an upgrade.
You can upgrade this.
No.
It should.
Not giving any.
Warning for me.
So okay, so why I'm focusing on pom pom dot XML because this is very basic thing you have to choose
because while deploying this project on anything like any server or local server, it will first bomb
dot XML and it will check that that server side part will check that whether already all dependencies
are added or not.
So that's for this.
So once this is done, ignore this all get ignored and everything ignore these things which are important.
POM products will go to SLC.
You can choose your different.
Folders like you can see here, different folders mean on an artist.
Go to Main.
You can see two folders, Java and resources.
So resources is basically for application properties.
I will tell you how we are going to use your application properties, but it will contain the front
end part and Java will contain all the back end parts.
So as you can see when already thing is added here, which is basically main, we never, ever try to
change this part.
Because if you are not interested in to change the development part or you can initialization part.
Never change this part because it will automatically initialize your classes.
So what we are going to create in further videos or further tutorials, we are going to learn how we
can create sub packages here, which is regarded to model sources then different things, sources,
also services also we are going to add.
So we are going to add some modules here, Java classes, which are programs to create UI, create backend,
access the database and everything.
Hope you understand.
We will see further more details about our project in next year.
Thank you.